Hey it's Bruno here.
Wow.
This docker compose is amazing.
Everybody's loving it.
Everybody's just so happy that they don't have to set up databases and API servers and all that stuff.
Those are just slowing us down anyway.
Really fantastic work.
I think we're going to be using this a lot and I hope to share this with other teams in our company
as well because well it's just so good anyway appreciate it.
I think he needs some rest though.
Go home take a break and I'll see you tomorrow.
That was a nother full section that really taught us about docker and containers.
And let's pause for a second.
You may be asking yourself why do we need this again.
It looks like we're creating more headaches for us.
But you see there's a big problem beyond just the hassle of setting up postscripts and node and all
these other tools to get our environment set up.
We need to make sure that the same version of node postscripts read s and other services are installed
in the right way correctly on each computer.
Each one of the developers we need to make sure our laptops and computers are working in the same fashion.
And this is a big problem for companies.
This gets even more important when you actually deploy your product when you deploy to all sorts of
servers.
You want to make sure that it works no matter where it's run.
Containers allow us to make sure that we can run this piece of software anywhere.
We take the responsibility of setting up the environment from everybody who needs the code.
And as long as we set it up properly then we can just share that code with anybody and everybody should
have it working properly.
OK.
So what have we learned.
Well we've learned about docker what it is and how it works.
We created a doc file and learn how to work with it using docker build doctrine dog her exec commands.
We also used docker compose to orchestrate applications the different services that we have during development
and now we were able to run our distributed application that can be run anywhere from just one single
command.
We used commands like Dr. compose build and dock or compose up to orchestrate our application services.
We were able to link them with things such as links.
We're able to do port forwarding and we were also able to pass on environmental variables and connect
these two pieces together.
Finally we did some fun things with SU up so that when we actually run the command we're able to in
our dock or file or run our deploy schema so that everything runs smoothly and as soon as we run that
command new tables are created for us to use without Dharker our developers would have had to install
and configure each service kind of like we did in the previous section.
You see now we have this beautiful environment for us to work at anybody joining our team is going to
just take a little bit of time to install docker and have everything set up within half a day.
This makes bosses very very happy.
But we also learned that with docker we can really improve our production builds as well.
We can just add containers to anything that we want wrap single services in containers and because they
can run pretty much anywhere we can just keep duplicating them keep duplicating them and we have this
architecture where we have small tiny services running in different locations all connected with each
other but not having to worry about managing everything together in one location.
All right.
I think we need a break after that one.
I hope you have fun talker is really really exciting.
And we're going to be using it for the next part of the course.
I hope you had fun and I'll see you in the next section.
BABAE.